okay bad news you got
taken no time to explain let's just get
out of here
so you find yourself in a dark cell with
a dirt floor
and a small window at twice your height
there's no food or water
but there's a shovel why did they leave
the shovel
don't ask me i don't know just be happy
you have it
however you can't dig your way out
because the walls go a long way
underground so how do you get out
[Music]
you can still dig and make a high dirt
pile that will make you reach the window
and get out of there
so you do just that and find yourself in
a dark corridor
you have nothing to do but to go
straight hoping that
sooner or later you'll find the exit and
get out of this creepy place
half an hour later you approach a metal
door
you have to enter the passcode but
here's a hint
berlin 600 paris 400
london 600 rome 200.
toronto what's the passcode
each consonant in the word gives 200
points while each vowel
takes away 100 points in the word
toronto
there are four consonants that give 800
together
three valves take away 300 points so
the passcode is 500. the door clicks
and you leave another obstacle behind
soon
you approach three more doors behind the
first one there's an iron block with a
movement sensor
that will crush everyone who enters
behind the second door
there's an electric shocker that never
misses
behind the third door there is broken
glass all over the floor
which way do you choose
you pick the third door obviously you're
wearing some boots right
so walking on the glass is definitely
not going to be too
hard of a task you follow the tunnel
till you reach the next room
as you step in there a metal cage falls
down from the ceiling
and traps you inside however there are
three buttons there
the red button will open the cage but
it'll also
open a door with a hungry lion the blue
button will fill the cage with water for
10 minutes
and only then will it open the door
however
keep in mind that people can only live
seven minutes without oxygen
the green button will set the room on
fire but will
open the cage door in five minutes which
one do you choose
you should choose the blue button the
water won't be able to fill
the cage because it will just splash
outside
you'll only have to wait 10 minutes
until the door opens
and you'll be able to get out safely you
turn right
and immediately bump into a huge guard
your heart skips a beat and you get
paralyzed with fear
to your surprise the guard looks down at
you and asks
wanna pass speechless you're just not
okay you see no one here wants to play
riddles with me
if you solve one of my riddles i'll let
you go and won't tell anyone i've seen
you
deal you nod again and here comes your
riddle
what is that invention that lets you see
right through walls
that's a window of course the guard
smiles and says
beware of the vampires then he moves
aside
letting you go wow that was close
and vampires this gives you chills
but you have to keep moving and get out
and again
another door that requires a passcode
can you crack it
there's a hint again you should continue
the sequence
o t t f f s s
e n t
each of these letters is the first
letter of the numbers o
for one t for two t for three
then four five and so on the last stands
for ten
so the next four are e t t f
11 12 13 and 14. yup that's correct
the door clicks open move
you get into a huge dark room all the
light comes from the candles the room is
filled with
the problem is that there are four ways
and again
you don't know which one to take
suddenly
each of the doors opens and four people
walk into the room
there are two men one woman and one
teenage girl
they all say they're prisoners too and
the other three are vampires
who do you trust
you should trust the second man he's the
only one who casts a shadow from the
light of the candles
the other three don't so they must be
vampires
so you rush to the man and you shut the
door behind yourself it'll probably slow
them down for a while
as you're running the man tells you he's
been here for at least three days
the next obstacle is something he
couldn't solve by himself
so he couldn't get out there's just one
try and
if you fail the exit gets blocked for 24
hours
finally you come across another door
with a robot
guarding it to let you go the robot
needs you to say the password
the tricky thing is that the password is
different each time
the man said that as he was hiding in
the room he saw the vampires passing it
twice
the first time the robot said 12 and the
vampire said
six the other time the robot said six
and the vampire said three when the man
approached the robot the last time
the robot said eight the man replied
four
but the robot didn't let him in the door
got blocked
so it wasn't the right answer you nod
and approach the robot
the robot says four what is your answer
the answer is four the rule isn't
dividing the number by two
but saying the number of letters in the
word your answer is accepted
the robot opens the door and lets you go
again another dark room but as you step
into it
you get surrounded by eight hungry dogs
in the middle
there's a meat cake standing so high on
the table that the dogs can't reach it
to calm them down and make them your
friends before they make you
their dinner you have to feed them the
cake
but here's a tricky thing the knife is
magical
and can only make three cuts after three
cuts
it disappears your task is to divide the
cake
into eight equal pieces with these three
cuts
how can you manage that
with one cut you cut the cake in half
and get two pieces
then you make another perpendicular cut
and get four pieces
with your last move you have to cut the
cake in the middle horizontally
splitting each of the four pieces into
two at once
great job now give each of the dogs a
piece of cake
and get out of there immediately you
rush to the door and lock it behind
yourselves
you're in a tunnel again and this time
there's no light at all
you move in complete darkness putting
your hand to the wall
so that you know where to go you walk
like that for at least half an hour when
finally you see some light you run
towards it
and come across another massive door
that requires a passcode
luckily there's a hint again but there
will be two questions appearing
one by one to get the passcode
you have to solve both of them and put
the answers together
ready how many months have 28 days
all 12 of them obviously okay next one
here's the sequence of letters s m
h d w what are the other two letters
s stands for seconds m for minutes
h for hours d is for days w is for weeks
so the next letters are m for months and
y
for years and the full passcode is 12
mw the door clicks and you're
outside finally there's actual
air and sun but before you start
thinking about what happened and what to
do next
a police officer comes up to you with
him
there are two ladies wearing paper bags
over their heads
sir are you mr jones the police officer
asks
you reply that's you exactly however
the police officer looks suspicious well
we can't know for sure that you're not
one of these criminals
pretending to be someone else so we have
to test you
one of these ladies is your bride tell
us which one it is
and now you finally remember what
happened
it was your wedding morning you were
about to get married
and then you found yourself in that
dungeon
well the problem is that you haven't
seen your wife-to-be wedding dress
yet so you can't even tell which one is
the right one
is there any other way to tell then
carefully
with their faces covered these girls are
absolutely identical
[Music]
you didn't need much time you notice
that one of the girls is wearing a
wedding ring already
however you and your bride aren't
married yet so
she's not supposed to have one and the
one who doesn't have it
is yours congratulations the girl
removes the bag
and you see that it's really her right
behind you the door opens and the
vampires walk out
you're about to start screaming but they
take off their wigs
and they turn out to be your friends so
was it all
a prank well yeah it was but don't be
mad
you had fun right well most of the time